it rhymes we had to get Mego a lot of
space so really fulfilled the needs of a
hyper closer experience which is airtime
airtime and airtime and Mako will over
deliver on what we call relentless
airtime it will give and give and give
hide a reputable usual guest need on the
ride experience so the facts 200 feet
tall that's the top of a little first
draw 73 miles per hour and how long is
this experience it's the longest in
Orlando for a coaster it is four
thousand seven hundred and sixty feet
long that is merely a mile of relentless
coaster experience let's take a step
back back into the park and see how the
other guests that aren't going to ride
are going to see this experience which
is really what we're known for as well
so the new realm which we call shark
ground for today it might change but
this new ground will really put a new
face within the park a new experience as
our guests travel through these lands in
realms have been on theme park
experience here it's all about sharks
this realm is really built by a bunch of
bunch of sunken ships that have sort of
fallen apart over the history of time
landed right here and the scene has
taken them back to call their own corals
have grown on the core on the ship ribs
from that from the prey fish to live in
the coral reef and that brings the
sharks so the guests will actually
explore this shipwreck reef and move
through the space and see lots of sharks
and most importantly learn about what it
means for sharks in the wild sharks here
at SeaWorld and most importantly what
our guests to do that day to make a
change to help sharks in the wild this
sort of like changing a perspective and
learning is really the power that our
company brings the whole global world to
help the planet and else important you
can start learning right away we see a
kid mom diamond bottom it's right there
at the entrance the learning starts
immediately for those riders that not
going to ride but let's take a few more
steps inside let's see what else we got
all right so deeper in the realm it
becomes very quintessential SeaWorld we
are known for code
appearing to have been built and in the
park built around them we are experts
integration of rides and non writer
experiences the best I believe and this
is no different Mako this important view
that a rider would have riding the ride
as it skims over the lake of SeaWorld
that's the center lake in the middle of
a park and seeing the ride attraction
insurance there you'll see all the non
riders standing along the pathway
experiencing the right as it moves
around them it's a very unique area of
the project and called the ride plaza
but we'll take one more step in further
okay a little bit more so if you're at
the attraction entrance is really a
signature moment for mango everybody
loves the wing dip Atlanta I know Mako
is doing its own thing Mako is to shark
and it's on the hunt is going to crash
through the shipwreck and scatter all
the prey fish and the guests were part
of that experience as they're standing
in the plaza I'm Mike denature i'm a
senior director of rides and engineering
and super sports and entertainment and
we are about to go to 200 feet tall here
which is going to represent the lift
height of Mako SeaWorld's new attraction
for 2016 we're really upping the thrills
in 2016 here in Orlando there will be
nothing taller faster or longer in
Orlando than this fantastic roller
coaster
other age and height restrictions there
will be a 54 inch rider height
requirement from a co which is very
similar to what we have on Kraken and
manta the the coaster attraction Mako is
different it complements the other two
attraction while Kraken is more about
speed and loops and twists and amanda is
that soaring thrilled soaring along like
like a manta ray mako is going to be
about speed and is going to be about
weightlessness and these dynamic dives
that you get like you were well i think
i think this type of attraction has a
more broad appeal than other poster
attractions Makos all by air time so it
is in essence sure poster dictionary so
it's parking curbs restraint curves
where you really feel that weightless
pneus you're this you're soaring over
the course and then you have that really
strong g-force that feels like you're
being pulled into your scene at the
bottom of the first so it's very
different there's no inversions on paper
coaster so a lot of people they don't
want to do inversions this attraction is
going to appeal to those riders but it's
going to appeal
real secrets awesome because there's
nothing like it here in orlando at all I
mean it's so tall